In this lecture I want to create a simple web page with HTML structure.
I opened my text editor. My text editor is sublime text.
Go to the file save as create a new folder my website
And create a file- first web page.html save
Ok! Start creating  then we have  and then close the tag
After HTML we have head tag. Close head tag.
Inside of head tag we have title tag.
First webpage
After head tag we have body tag
you can write some text in body tag. Some text is here.
Ok. Now I want to open. Go to the mywebsite and my first webpage.
Nothing happened. Why? Because I should save this file. I don't save it.
Save and now refresh. There you go!
Congratulations! You created a simple web page with HTML structure.
I will see you in next lecture. Goodluck!